Add example for extending the viewer with custom callbacks (#8284)
rerun-io/rerun: examples/rust/custom_callback/README.md

<!--[metadata]
title = "Custom Viewer Callback"
thumbnail = "https://static.rerun.io/custom_callback/1434da408fd59ea1349169784b47d8ffc285022e/480w.png"
thumbnail_dimensions = [480, 291]
-->

> Example showing how to control an app with the Rerun viewer, by extending the viewer UI.

Reviewer: the important part here is the communcation back. we have other examples that already talk about viewer extension in `extend_viewer_ui`. So maybe let's stress that a bit more:

```suggestion
Advanced example showing how to control an external application from the Rerun viewer, by extending the viewer UI.
```

<picture>
  <img src="https://static.rerun.io/custom_callback/1434da408fd59ea1349169784b47d8ffc285022e/full.png" alt="Custom Viewer Callback example screenshot">
  <source media="(max-width: 480px)" srcset="https://static.rerun.io/custom_callback/1434da408fd59ea1349169784b47d8ffc285022e/480w.png">
  <source media="(max-width: 768px)" srcset="https://static.rerun.io/custom_callback/1434da408fd59ea1349169784b47d8ffc285022e/768w.png">
  <source media="(max-width: 1024px)" srcset="https://static.rerun.io/custom_callback/1434da408fd59ea1349169784b47d8ffc285022e/1024w.png">
  <source media="(max-width: 1200px)" srcset="https://static.rerun.io/custom_callback/1434da408fd59ea1349169784b47d8ffc285022e/1200w.png">
</picture>

> [!NOTE]
> [#2337](https://github.com/rerun-io/rerun/issues/2337): In order to spawn a web viewer with these customizations applied, you have to build the web viewer of the version yourself. This is currently not supported outside of the Rerun repository.

## Overview

This example is divided into two parts:

> The example is divided into two parts:

Reviewer: pick one ;-)

- **Viewer** ([`src/viewer.rs`](src/viewer.rs)): Wraps the Rerun viewer inside an [`eframe`](https://github.com/emilk/egui/tree/master/crates/eframe) app.
- **App** ([`src/app.rs`](src/app.rs)): The application that uses the Rerun SDK.

In the `app`, an additional TCP listener is opened to allow the `viewer` to send messages to the `app`.
Similar to the [`extend_viewer_ui`](../extend_viewer_ui/) example, the `viewer` is wrapped in an `eframe` app, which allows us to handle the extra communication logic and define our own contorl UI using [`egui`](https://github.com/emilk/egui).

The communication between the `viewer` and the `app` is implemented in the [`comms`](src/comms/) module. It defines a simple protocol to send messages between the `viewer` and the `app` using [`bincode`](https://github.com/bincode-org/bincode).

> The protocol supports really basic commands that the `viewer` can send to the `app`, such as logging a [`Boxes3D`](https://www.rerun.io/docs/reference/types/archetypes/boxes3d) or [`Point3D`](https://www.rerun.io/docs/reference/types/archetypes/points3d) to an entity, or changing the radius of a set of points that is being logged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The protocol supports basic commands that the `viewer` can send to the `app`, such as logging a [`Boxes3D`](https://www.rerun.io/docs/reference/types/archetypes/boxes3d) or [`Point3D`](https://www.rerun.io/docs/reference/types/archetypes/points3d) to an entity, or changing the radius of a set of points that is being logged.
```

> ## Testing it

Reviewer: It's not a test really
```suggestion
## Usage
```

.. and yes I see that `extend_viewer_ui` did the same (can you plz fix that as well? thx :))
